---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Fifth
date: '2019-08-10'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

Okay, so while I did set things up in a way I'd be able update this while I was away, I found myself making the most of the abysmal phone reception and precarious tech charging situation that is festival time to stay in the moment and not faff about with the internet too much. Consequently doing this maybe fell off a cliff, so batch writing the last 2 weeks for you.

This week was a whole lot of rehearsals and then the start of Sidmouth Folk Week, my favourite week of the year, this time spent with the wonderful choir Stream of Sound.


## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 10. It might feel like cheating but I went to a good few workshops and also a boatload of rehearsals.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 8. Ceilidhing and walking and all that jazz.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: N/A. I wasn't anywhere near my house
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 1. More collecting of song ideas and chucking around ideas of some further singing stuff
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 3. Crossed the month here, didn't get any new posts done.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 0. All stations too mad.
- Confidence Rating: 4


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 3. Little bit of session playing and a tonne of singing.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 5. I'm going to cheat here and count doing a gig.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 8. Month crossed. I relearnt Love What You Do on the guitar, about got down Zycanthos on whistle (as far as I can at my current lax skill level), and learnt the song Nightingale
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: N/A. No code was happening.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. Uh oh, here comes a theme
- Confidence Rating:5
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: If I count SoS work, 10. If not, 0.
- Confidence Rating: 6

## Next week then...
As I'm writing this the Sunday _after_, there's not a lot to say here, other than knowing the full week of Sidmouth proper is would disrupt things even more...


&#9829; KT
