---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Final
date: '2019-10-03'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

The final week of these, being filled in late because who knew, holidays are a terrible time to do OKRs.
I'm going to make a separate post with what I learnt and what I plan to do with Quarter 4, but here's a bit of a breakdown of how it all went. It was tricky doing averages of some of these because some weeks were just not relevant, and also not all of them fit well into weekly things so that's something I know I need to work out how to navigate. The final confidence rating is on how happy I am with how it went in cementing things as a habit and so on.

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 2. A bit more reading of Every Layout but otherwise not much.
- Overall Success: 7.3
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 8. This one went pretty well, considering the amount of time I spent away from home. This is also the only one I think I set at about the right level and I'm tempted to include in my next goals to keep this ticking over.
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10, loads of walking.
- Overall Success: 9.4
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 10. Starting to do strength training means that if I keep my schedule, this one will be pretty much solid. It seemed like I might not manage it earlier in the quarter but by the end was pretty habitual, and while looking at the number it looks like I under-challenged myself there, the game changer of adding in a 3-times-weekly workout didn't come until the end.
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 8. Bit of a reset when I got home.
- Overall Success: 6.7
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 8. I was away a lot this quarter but having this goal here motivated me a lot, even if it often meant I rushed it in just before writing these posts.
### Average Overall for Objective: 7.8 score, 8.7 confidence.
This was easily the category that I had the most success with

## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 0. Was on holiday.
- Overall Success: 4.5
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 5. The success average was actually not quite as bad as I was expecting, considering. I'm habitually bad at this and it's clearly something I need to keep working at making time for.
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 0, Holiday etc
- Overall Success: 1.2
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 0. I didn't complete this on any of the months, work got in the way.
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 0, as above
- Overall Success: 2.6
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 0, like the above I was not great at carving out time for this at all and didn't hit this as an actual goal.
### Average Overall for Objective: 2.8 score, 1.7 confidence
The weakest overall, which is a bit of a wake up call to be honest.


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 0, I was away
- Overall Success: 4.7
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 4. This was very easy to let slip, I let my motivation get away from me and got a bit overwhelmed I think.
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 10. An unexpected short notice Mantradeva track suddenly pulled this through
- Overall Success: 6.2 by averages but actually...
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 10, I hit this. Just. I'm a little surprised to be honest, but it's encouraging and reminds me I should take care of this one.
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 0
- Overall Success: 4.5
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 3, I know I could have been a lot stronger on this, but like O3KR1 I think I probably got a bit overwhelmed here as well.
### Average Overall for Objective: 5.1 score, 5.6 confidence
Still below the magic 7 but could have been a lot worse, and would probably better if I was using an NA/10 system to log the songs.

## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: N/A, was away
- Overall Success: 5.8
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 8. I used a lot of new stuff day to day in my work and felt like I was learning a lot. I feel a lot more confident in my dev abilities though I've realised I'm letting some of the new stuff I've learnt get rusty in the meantime.
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0, faaaailed.
- Overall Success: 0
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 0. This one got pretty much fell by the wayside.
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: N/A, holiday
- Overall Success: 6.3
- Final Confidence Rating & Thoughts: 5, I had a lot of energy crashes this quarter but managed a lot more than I thought, so while I'm below the 7 I feel like I did as well as I could
### Average Overall for Objective: 4.3 score, 4.3 confidence
The score of this was tanked heavily by having a task that got utterly abandoned, which says to me I need a different approach in making myself work on this side of my career.  

## Next week then...
As part of my assessing what a year of doing OKRs has been like, I'm taking a week to figure out my thoughts and goals for the next quarter.

Overall reflections will be coming in another post.

In the mean time, I hope your last few months went ok.

&#9829; KT
