---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Second
date: '2019-07-15'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

Week two! Oh boy.

This was a busy one, full of social engagements and lots of fairly twiddly client work (and a 'seemed like a good idea 6 months ago but actually really unhelpful' bit of dentist appointment timing). So a lot of stuff didn't go as well as I'd have liked. It's also sinking in quite how much I'm going to be away this quarter and how much that's going to throw out some of this. Oops.

General realisation of wall hitting, to be honest. So going to have to take some more careful action this week to get myself back on track and a bit more rested as well.

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 8. 30 mins or so of conference talks and a good couple of hours of podcast listening that I'm not sure I wanna count.
- Confidence Rating: 9
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 9. 2 dance nights (so a few hours of lindy hop), plus walking to and bobbing around at another gig (Elbow! Who were also great!)
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 6. I've been crashy, didn't manage my inbox until the monday though the house itself isn't dire.
- Confidence Rating: 6


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 0. Client time and being away ate it all
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: N/A. But I didn't really do any writing.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 0. It was just all a bit too mad this week.
- Confidence Rating: 6


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 4. Still no guitar, though a very lovely message from a friend has inspired me to get back on that. I did manage about 40 mins of whistle practice though.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 0, this week was 'attack of the client work expanding into recording time'
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 3. Started learning a tune (Zycanthos) which helpfully is an absolute git on the instrument I'm trying to learn it on. But at least that means it'll make me have to get better at half-holes on my whistle... Incidentally, if there's any folkies following this feel free to drop me tune or song suggestions over on [twitter](https://twitter.com/kilotango).
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 6. Surprisingly had to get back into some PHP stuff for some wordpress and pods work. It's been ages since I did anything complicated there so it was nice coming back with a much stronger grasp of code in general.
- Confidence Rating: 9
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 3. No real progress but I *did* at least keep up with the OKR post stuff, so a step at a time and all that jazz.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 6. Too many meetings and fractured timings meant I lost track of my pomos a bit this week. But there was a solid amount of work there and I should work out how I'm going to count stuff like calls and meetings.
- Confidence Rating: 7

## Next week then...

I'm a bundle of stress and impending deadlines at the moment so trying to be forgiving of myself. But because of that I think I'm going to start some things to help me fail upwards, do a little bit more planning, and just generally get a bit smarter around my time now I've got a slightly more chill week.

Granted this is like my only chill week till like mid august but hey, I'll make it count.

Good luck with whatever you're doing this week!

&#9829; KT
