---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Ninth
date: '2019-09-02'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

A week of very mixed energy levels. For various reasons crashed fairly hard for a lot of this week and had a lot less focus than I'd like, but it has lead me to really think about my energy levels, boundaries, and what I need from things. As someone with SAD, and who enjoys going to folk festivals, the flip out of August into September is always quite a heavy one, plus the news has been grinding me down fairly heavily (plus running out to protest took up extra time and energy). A weekend attending Singfest, with lots of wonderful song and some good friends was a fantastic escape and antidote however.

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 10. Didn't really do any studying at home this week, but attended Tech For Good Live where I got to watch some interesting talks on behaviour change and digital campaigning. That having not studied feels kind of weird is a good sign though.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10. Continued with the strength training stuff, hopefully I can cement it into a habit. Also dancing on the Thursday as well
- Confidence Rating: 9
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 4. Handled a lot of it but it still left a fair amount of post-festival chaos I need to get back on top of
- Confidence Rating: 4


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 10. Some video work, and some recoding work
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 0. August was not good for writing. I feel like this one was very optimistic.
- Confidence Rating: 2
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 10. I wrote and recorded a [lowbrow protest round](https://soundcloud.com/kaleidoscope-trigger/get-in-the-sea) to help clear my head with all the news.
- Confidence Rating: 8


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 4. Went to a Ukelele workshop at singfest, and did the odd bit of whistle practice across the week.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 10. See O2KR3, even if it was small and silly I feel like it counts.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 7. Learnt a few songs at Singfest.
- Confidence Rating: 6


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 0. Don't feel like I did anything new in my work that week.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. A theme emerges etc
- Confidence Rating: 2
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 1. Very little freelancing this week.
- Confidence Rating: 5

## Next week then...

Still pretty exhausted from Singfest but I intend to take this week steady and carefully, and to try and get myself in a good position as the nights get longer and the days get colder. One foot in front of the other and all that.

Good luck with whatever you're up to this week.

&#9829; KT
