---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Seventh
date: '2019-08-19'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

So that's half the quarter done. A fairly messy week just out of the pure exhaustion post-festival, though with quite a bit of planning and social things to help ease the transition from *all the people* to working from home as someone who lives by herself.

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 4. Podcastery, and I also bought a copy of [https://every-layout.dev/](Every Layout) that I've started poking though.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10. Dancing, an evaluation workout for the strength training plan I'm putting myself back on, and a food shop which might not sound like exercise but I walk there and back and it tends to be pretty much as much as I can physically carry 
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 7. Inbox and most of the house though my tent is still hanging up.
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 10. I decided I wanted to try and make a video for the next Harmonicblend x Mantradeva track, it was very satisfying making a start on that.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 0. Just pure knackered.
- Confidence Rating: 3
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 4, said video will play into that.
- Confidence Rating: 4


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 4. About 50 minutes of practice spread across percussion and whistle, no guitar.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 9. Finished my retakes for the next Harmonicblend x Mantradeva track, though the bulk of that work was last month.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 7. Solidified a tune on the whistle and set up a tune-learning swap with a friend.
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 10. Used the History api for the first proper time.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. This one keeps slipping.
- Confidence Rating: 2
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 3. Had intended to build up some salary-job TOIL that didn't quite happen, so there was only a little freelancing this week.
- Confidence Rating: 5

## Next week then...

I finally feel like I've recovered a little bit, and am starting to get stuff on motion to get back where I want to be. I've set up a strength training plan that should cover my 3 times a week (with dancing on top of that), and working on that video should cover some personal work. I know I'll definitely not hit my freelancing goal as I try to do that TOIL plan this week now that enough of the team is back for that to make sense, and an incoming first go playing a wedding Ceilidh should inspire plenty of instrumental practice!

So all in all, despite a very messy few weeks I'm quite hopeful for the second half of this quarter.

Hope your plans are all going swimmingly.

&#9829; KT
