---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Fourth
date: '2019-07-30'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

I knew this one was going to be exceptionally flakey because of all the preparation I had to cram in, so I'm cutting myself some extreme slack here. I know next week will be a total mess as well. But sometimes you just have to go sing things in a field.

(Well, some of us do, anyway.)


## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 3. Usual podcastery but not so much time for conference talk watching.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10. Lots of walking plus jumping around like a mad thing to Will Pound, and a bunch of Ceilidh dancing.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: N/A. Hard to do when not at your house or your inbox.
- Confidence Rating: 6


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 0. Too much prep.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 3. Overall I'm still counting the first one but there just hasn't been a gap in time in which to write yet.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 0. See prior excuses.
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 6. Not much guitar but a fair bit of of sessioning on whistle, brush or darbuka.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 7. I'm going to stretch the definition a little bit and count the Nightingale arrangement I wrote for our workshops. It was wonderful to hear that sung with voices other than just 4 of me. I don't think I'll ever get tired of the feeling of hearing other people sing things I've written.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 10. Properly learnt Nightingale, cemented Love What You Do and generally got more comfy on a few whistle tunes.
- Confidence Rating: 8


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 3. Didn't really get chance to do enough to cover this but did try a different way of doing fallback layouts for grid that I was very satisfied with.
- Confidence Rating:
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. Excuses excuses.
- Confidence Rating: 4
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 6. Difficult to quantify here but the workshops pretty much count as freelancing.
- Confidence Rating: 7

## Next week then...
Next week will be entirely shambolic because of spending most of it either in rehearsals, in transit or in a field, but let's find out. I do know I'll at least learn a lot of songs!

Good luck with your week.

&#9829; KT
