---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Third
date: '2019-07-23'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

Week 3! Felt like my feet didn't quite touch the ground this week even if there was nominally fewer big 'events', it was a week of burning hard getting stuff finished and ready for impending festival madness. The delights of simultaneous deadlines from all directions (which is why this check in is a day late). A lot of stuff got dropped but others did much better than I expected, perhaps out of knowing how much I was going to slip and just making use of any opportunity I could spot. The logistics of the next couple of months have been sinking in and some of these KRs are feeling slightly unreasonable but I've decided not to change them, just to see how I respond to that. Anyway.


## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 10. Watched an hour or so of fun conference talks, including [Remy Sharp abusing some very modern web tech to party like its the 1980s](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQMcZtiaD0A) and [Jake Archibald explaining the Event Loop while making me laugh too much](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cCOL7MC4Pl0). Plus the usual podcastery that feels kinda cheating to include
- Confidence Rating: 8.
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10. Lots of dancing, a fair bit of walking. Enough that I'm pretty achey. Decided I want to start back up strength training when I get back from Sidmouth.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 5. House is ok, what even is email though? (Too abundant, that's what)
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 0. Clients. Usually I would not be ok with this excuse but I've been in a very specific deadline crush so I'm forgiving it.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 0. Just deciding you should make a list of potential blog posts is neither making the list, nor *actually writing*, KT. There's going to have to be some writing while in transit this month I think.
- Confidence Rating: 3
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 10. It's not much but I drew my character from one of the D&D games I'm in, and did actually ink and shade it so I think that counts.
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 8. Shockingly had a big guitar session and recorded a video, which meant that took an hour. Even though I'm about to not have access to my guitar for like 3 weeks it was a nice statement of intent. But I also got in at least half an hour of other instrument practice, maybe more because I've been very bad at logging the whistle stuff (those live in reach of my desk and I have been playing tunes while waiting for stuff to compile etc).
- Confidence Rating:
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 7. Not been able to work on the one I wanted to, but did write a couple of arrangements for teaching at Warwick so that feels like it counts.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 7. Solidifying up the stuff I've started, which feels nice.
- Confidence Rating: 8.


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 3. A lot of this week was HTML-Email hell or meetings so there wasn't much chance to push myself there.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. Insert client deadlines etc excuse here. This is going to be a theme for a couple of weeks.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 10. At least 20, substantially more so if I count workshop preparation as well. It's been a busy one.
- Confidence Rating: 8

## Next week then...

It all kicks off, and I get to find out if my plans for being able to update this from anywhere are founded on total nonsense or not. There's a few of these KRs that are going to be tricky to work on during my various trips so I'm curious how that's going to go. But I'm also excited to be in a place where I have cleared the particularly snarly bit of deadline scramble I'm in the back end of now, and get a bit more head space to focus on the neglected things these goals are meant to be helping me to, well, stop neglecting.

Also the weather is good and as a solar-powered SAD sufferer I'm pretty excited for getting to charge my batteries a bit. Take some time to get outside and have an ice cream if you can. Good luck with your plans!

&#9829; KT
