---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Eleventh TO DO
date: 2019-09-15T22:00:00.000Z
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---
A fairly mad one this week, as my last week at home for the quarter. This one was fairly heavily dominated by working on the [new Mantradeva video](https://youtu.be/9Cf17drOmeQ), which was a lot of work but very satisfying. It also became very apparent how wiped out I'd gotten and how needed some down time actually is...


## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 8. About 45 minutes of conference talk videos, mostly from Clarity Conf 
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10, I completed my 4th week of Body By you, plus some dancing and walking.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 10, got the house clean and my inbox tidy even though the weekend involved my nemisis, packing
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 10, Mantradeva video involved lots of illustration as well as animating it.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 0. We can officially say this one is a bust really.
- Confidence Rating: 0
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 6, for the many little illustrations involved in the video, and some personal sketching 
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 3. A little bit of whistle practice learning some new tunes.
- Confidence Rating: 4
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 10, realeased the Mantradeva track 
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 5, part way through learning a new whistle tune.
- Confidence Rating: 4


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 8, some new after effects techniques I've not tried yet
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. Pretty much abandoned this time.
- Confidence Rating: 0
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 0 or 10 depending on if you count the video work.
- Confidence Rating: 4

## Next week then...
As I'm on holiday for the rest of the quarter, I figure very little progress will get made on any of these (though you never know). Taking time to rest, reflect and consider where I want to point myself when I come back to work...

Look after yourself and have a good time with whatever you're up to this week.

&#9829; KT
