---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Sixth
date: '2019-08-12'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

Sidmouth Folk Week! My spiritual home and destroyer of any actual non-Sidmouth plans. This was a fairly emotional one, being my first time not doing it with Shooting Roots in many many years... but instead doing the festival with the excellent choir/band-of-wonderful-madpeople that is Stream of Sound. Any of you who've been following my stuff might have noticed I've been working with them for a few years now as their designer but this year they finally managed to long-game me into the choir itself, teaching and performing with them. It's been fantastic. We had to leave early because of some extreme weather, but it was still a very excellent time spent with absolutely lovely people, working hard and having a lot of fun while doing it. I also made sure to do what I could to stay very present and appreciate things around me, so there was a lot less taking photos, checking the internet and so on... which was pretty refreshing and it's interesting coming back to the desk and big pile of tech.

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 10. Workshops and good times. Including an entire 90 minute workshop from Jo May on shakers which was genuinely brilliant.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10. A metric boatload of dancing. Ceilidhs, jumping about to Peatbog Faeries, stepping, plus bits of Balfolk, Scandi and Lindy. And all the walking.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: N/A, in a field in Devon.
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 0. Festival time so my feet barely touched the ground.
- Confidence Rating: 4
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 0. but time to start over on this idea.
- Confidence Rating: 3
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 0. Because seriously, festival.
- Confidence Rating:


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 6. No guitar but a fair bit of playing in sessions.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 5, cheating again and counting our gig. Also went to the Middle Bar session for the first time and lead a couple of songs.
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 6. Started to pick up some more bits of tunes in sessions, and got some more unaccompanied song work via learning up the material for our concerts. Made plans to do tune learning accountability with a friend as well.
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: N/A, I didn't bring my laptop.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: Ennn-aaaaay, was awaaaaay~
- Confidence Rating: 3
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: If counting my workshop/concert work, 10. If not, an entire void of progress.
- Confidence Rating: 6

## Next week then...
Now that I'm back home I can start to get re-centred on most of my goals here. There's a big chunk of sleep dep and self care to catch up on but keeping busy is a good offset for festival comedown. I'm pretty excited to channel the energy and positivity around music that the last few weeks have built. Sidmouth generally functions as a much stronger self-check than new years does for me, so while I'm rather knackered it has lit a bit of a fire, with a couple of added accountability buddies set up in a couple of areas and a general sense that it's time to make time for the things I want to happen.

We're almost half way through, I am feeling fairly messy but I always knew this would be deeply imperfect.

Hope your plans are going well.

&#9829; KT
