---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Tenth
date: '2099-09-10'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

Another week of pretty mixed energy levels, and realising quite how much the political news can drain me (along with a couple of other things that kicked my reserves in the head pretty hard).

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 3. Read some articles but didn't get in as much study as I'd like
- Confidence Rating: 6
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10. I've been managing to keep up with my strength training, and also had 2 nights of dancing.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 10. I realised that I really wanted to make my space somewhere healthy to spend time, so was pretty good on this. Plus I bought a new plant.
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 10. A good few hours on the new Mantradeva video.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 0. I really haven't been able to make myself move on this somehow.
- Confidence Rating: 0. At this point I'm sure this won't happen
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 4, didn't do a new thing but there were a lot of drawings involved in the video and it feels like that counts.
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 1. A few bits of scattered whistle practice but that's it
- Confidence Rating: 3
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: N/A maybe, was focused on the video and did put out that round last week
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 0. Didn't really make any progress on this front this week.
- Confidence Rating: 3


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 8, because I was scuppered by the build process on the project I was going to use it on, but I used the Javascript spread opperator for the first time.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. I don't think this is going to get done and probably doesn't make sense as an OKR.
- Confidence Rating: 0
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 5 if you count Mantradeva stuff, 2 if you don't.
- Confidence Rating: 6.

## Next week then...

A week of taking it steady but also getting ready for going on holiday. It's my last week of the quarter where I'll be at home so kinda defines where a lot of these KRs will sit at the end of things as I won't have access to some of the things needed to work on them. I'm interested to see how that'll go.

&#9829; KT
