---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the First
date: '2019-07-08'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

So that's week one down. how did it go?

Kinda mixed but pretty well, to be honest! There's a lot of work going on at the moment so there's some things that are getting left by the wayside a lot more than I'd like, but I'm trying to be reasonable about expectations this time—especially as I also have a lot of time away from home this quarter that I maybe didn't consider when I was making some of these goals. I'll fall off that bridge when I come to it though.

Using TimeTag has worked very nicely so far and I'll keep doing that. There's a temptation to *log all the things* but I don't want to get overwhelmed and so I am exercising at least *some* chill.

I'm assessing my OKRs both on how well the week went, and also how confident I feel about hitting the OKR by the end. Scores 0-10 on each. I'm aware this should probably be in a spreadsheet but fight me.

(It probably *will* be in some kind of custom data type by the end of the quarter entirely because it feels like that would be fun/educational to build. But as a bit of a productivity/planning nerd I'm determined not to fall into the ever-tempting trap of spending so much time on my tools they get in the way of doing actual things)

OK, let's go.

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 10. Smaaaashed it. 7 hours of tutorials and hacking around, didn't think to count conference talks and podcasts.
- Confidence Rating: 9
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 5. Some walking and some jumping around to Janelle Monae at MIF _(aaaaaaaaaa!)_
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 8. Pretty good, could have done more though.
- Confidence Rating: 6


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 10. 3+ hours, mostly on this thing.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 10. See previous post. I've realised this one isn't going to super fit a weekly format.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 6. I'm gonna count getting the blog up and running but that's only 1.
- Confidence Rating: 7


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 0. Faaaailed.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 6. Did some recording that I hope I can finish this week.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 0. Faaaaaaaailed.
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 10. Lots of Vue, plus I'd never used Eleventy before.
- Confidence Rating: 9
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 8. Got this going, ran my card design past a couple of people.
- Confidence Rating: 7
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 8. Did about 18, but with a fair amount of non-pomo time as well.
- Confidence Rating: 7

## Next week then...

I'm feeling pretty good about this. There's still a lot going on at the minute but I am finding that knowing I'm gonna have to write about it is making me more conscious of what I am and am not doing.

Good luck with whatever you're working on at the moment!

&#9829; KT
