---
title: Weekly checkin - 2019Q3 Week the Eighth
date: '2019-08-26'
tags:
  - Weekly checkin
  - motivation
  - OKRs
---

So, first actually-vaguely-awake week back from my festival adventures. A mixed bag of stuff out of needing to make up some hours in my day job, so actual freelancing went out the window this week. But some other things got a bit more focus and it's been nice to feel a bit more on the wagon.

## Objective 1: Keep watering the damn flowers
### KR1: *1hr studying/upskilling at least once a week*
- Success: 10. Watched a bunch of different conference talks this week.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR2: *3x exercise sessions per week*
- Success: 10. I started back on a strength training regime, which is 3 times a week. Then there was 2 nights of swing dancing, and a bit of ceilidhing. Coming back to the strength stuff has been interesting and I'm looking forward to seeing how I progress on that.
- Confidence Rating: 8
### KR3: *Basic house reset & inbox zero every week*
- Success: 2. Travel meant stuff was kinda a mess when I got home on the Sunday, but a lot of house cleaning had gone on across the week.
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 2: Actually do some stuff for yourself
### KR1: *Spend 1hr every week on personal projects*
- Success: 8. A good few hours of mograph work for Harmonicblend work.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR2: *Make some kind of blog post three times a month*
- Success: 2. Started a list of stuff to work on. This isn't actually writing but but it's at least something, right?
- Confidence Rating: 2
### KR3: *Complete 2 small things not related to actual work each month*
- Success: 0. Not much personal project stuff happening aside from that video
- Confidence Rating: 3


## Objective 3: Get back on the wagon with music
### KR1: *60 mins guitar & 60 mins other instrumental practice per week*
- Success: 7. No guitar but a tonne of darbuka, and played my first ceilidh with it. That gave me a lot of pause for thought and makes me want to take percussion while singing a little more seriously.
- Confidence Rating:
### KR2: *Finish a track every month*
- Success: 5. More semi-cheating but effectively learning enough stuff to get thought a ceilidh isn't nothing, and have been starting to learn up the next Rangda song.
- Confidence Rating: 5
### KR3: *Learn a new folk tune, a new guitar chord sequence and a new unaccompanied song each month*
- Success: 5. Solidified a tune, and also started making some plans for making me find some more trad song material.
- Confidence Rating: 5


## Objective 4: Take ownership of your work
### KR1: *Use a webdev or design technique you’ve never used before every week*
- Success: 4. I don't feel like I instigated much new stuff, as it was a very bugfix/tweak-centric week, but I did get shown around how Docker works a lot this week which was new to me.
- Confidence Rating: 4
### KR2: *Finish refreshing site and business cards, and keep the site up to date*
- Success: 0. I think unless I can make myself actually schedule a day this just isn't going to happen.
- Confidence Rating: 1
### KR3: *20 freelance pomodoros per week*
- Success: 0. Or 6 if you count playing the ceilidh I guess? But I did 5 days on my salary job so there wasn't a lot of freelance time.
- Confidence Rating: 5

## Next week then...

Bank holiday Monday has been an apparently needed rest day, and I'm going to head to Singfest for the first time as well so time is a little limited this week. But I'm hoping I can still fit in some interesting stuff. The strength training stuff has been surprisingly energising while also being pretty tiring. But I'm quite excited for the week ahead.

&#9829; KT
