---
title: Whoa it's 2020 how did that happen aaaaaaaa
date: '2020-01-08'
tags:
  - Reflection
  - Motivation
---

Belated happy new year, you lot.

## So you kinda disappeared last month?

Yeah, about that. Being honest, I underestimated my winter blues and overestimated my ability to cram mad amounts of stuff into the month, combined with just a really vicious cocktail going on in the news and a bundle of general stress. My attempts to fight off winter by jamming my time full of good things (plus a fair amount of travel required for work as well) meant things spiralled out of reach a bit and I just had to give myself a hard break on basically everything. Which isn't a great feeling but does mean I learnt some things. I actually think the basic idea of the goals I was using were pretty much on it, but there just wasn't the flexibility. And with January still being kinda hard mode, I intend to take that into account with what I do this quarter.

## This is where you do decade/year review stuff, right?

I don't really want to get too indulgent there, but it's important to take a moment and appreciate some of the places you've been when you're working out where you want to go.

In terms of the decade bits, the absolute biggest thing was actually doing stuff about my mental health, through therapy, addressing my SAD and generally just working pretty hard on myself. I moved to Manchester. I started swing dancing. I started taking better care of my physical health. I got back into making music. I taught loads of workshops, especially with Shooting Roots. I did the illos for a mixed media Shakespeare project. I designed a whole bunch of album covers. I took on some more stable part time web dev work. I inexplicably got to interview one of my heroes, Masaaki Yuasa ([Who has a new show](https://www.crunchyroll.com/en-gb/keep-your-hands-off-eizouken) you should watch because it is beautiful).

This year specifically has been a weird and high contrast one, with some bright highs and some heavy lows. I learnt a lot about my limits, my boundaries and my strengths through that, and have come out the other side exhausted but kinda galvanised. In my head I wasn't all that much productive but actually looking back at the facts that's not true at all. I designed 5 albums and a couple of logos, did a bunch of frontend dev work, recorded a _ton_ of vocals for Harmonicblend that will be [cumulating in an album to coming out this year](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjI5dZsrkBc), did loads of singing with Stream of Sound, and started writing and arranging more seriously again. I built my first [small mental health web tool](http://makethisdecisionfor.me/) and managed to help a few people with it. I started working out a little more, I started tracking more things around what effects my mood so I'm better able to tell when things are actually awful and when it's just biology/the weather/'oh my god go to bed and or maybe eat a thing'. I wound up more and more involved with SwingOut Manchester to the point they gave me a medal for it. I got myself to a point I could step my therapy down to once a month. I let myself actually get a Christmas tree and decorate it even though it was only for me, which sounds like a tiny thing but feels a lot like progress. I met some amazing people and deepened some friendships, and they made the hot mess that was 2019 so much better. I closed out the year by writing the [first full earnest song in English](https://soundcloud.com/kaleidoscope-trigger/a-toast-to-the-absent-sun-sketch) (instead of hiding behind a conlang) that I've written in years.

So yeah, I guess I kinda did do a lot of things.

## How about this year then?

I'm not really doing full year resolutions. It's too long a period of time and also January is the absolute worst time for that I think. But my vague things I'm looking to are: hide away less, sing more, write more, and make things that help where I can. I'm trying to hold myself to 'Done is better than Perfect' more strongly, to be a little more careful with what I commit to, and to give myself a blanket ban on internal trash talking.

## This quarter then?

I'm going to try the 12 week thing again that crashed out last quarter, but with the proviso that I actually *have* to tweak and update it each 4 weeks. Being honest, December and January are always such jerks that they need treating a little different to other months, so my plan is to start gently and then step things up as the days get longer. A lot of this is ported over from last quarter but I also want to make sure I actually exercise some chill this time around: a big problem I ran into last time was that I'd binge a load of conference talks, forget to make notes as I did and then panic and get overwhelmed when it came time to do my round up. I'd like to avoid that this time.

### 12 weeks
- Run through Remy Sharp's [Terminal Training](https://terminal.training/)
- Run through Wed Bos' new [JS course](https://beginnerjavascript.com/)
- Get a plan done for some tutorials
- Refresh your own site (yes I'm going to keep writing this one down until I actually do it)
- Read a couple of fiction books
- Read a couple of non-fiction books

### 4 weeks
- Some manner of simple monthly challenge thing, ideally physical and/or self care focused. In this case, [Jazzuary](https://www.instagram.com/solojazzmachine/).
- 2 bits of something creative done and released
- 2 tunes or songs learnt
- Do your taxes oh god oh no

### Every week
- 1hr of upskilling/study
- 1hr of writing/reviewing
- 1hr of tidying
- 1hr of music practice/recording/writing
- 1hr of personal projects
- 1hr of admin
- Get some exercise at least 3 times a week

### Every day
- Use your bullet journal
- Recap any study you did
- Set up tomorrow before you go to bed
- 10 mins of emails
- 10 mins of tidy

## Alright then

Reading that back it doesn't really feel like cutting myself _that_ much slack, and I'm going into this week fairly low on energy. But I'm giving myself permission to mess this up. Whatever kind of resolutions you're doing, you want to acknowledge you'll probably slip up a bit: forgiving yourself and getting back on the wagon when you drop the ball (of mixed metaphors) will get you a lot further than pretending any of us are perfect and then freaking out and giving up when it's proven that we're not.

PS: you can just let January be chill recovery time completely if it's what you need. There's still a boatload of year to play with even if you start in February. Take the time you need, you deserve it.

&#9829; KT
